﻿﻿# MercuryMercury is the god of trade, commerce, messages/communication, travelers and boundaries.This forum is a source for what's new and popular on the web.Users provide all kinds of content, and decide, through voting, what's good and what's junk. Messages and news can be spread faster through this forum. Different contents are stored in different Subs allowing users can find the news they are interested in immediately.## DemoOnline Demo: Video: ## Installation### ProductionFirst clone the repo:  ```git clone cd ```Then build the frontend:```cd frontendnpm install``` Open your local mongoDB and edit the database connection info:```cd ../backend```index.js```line 14  paste your local database link```Lastly, build and start the server```npm installnpm start```When no port is set in environment variable, port `4000` will be used.### DevelopmentRun both backend and frontend via concurrently:```cd frontendnpm run dev```Now use `localhost:3000` to access Mercury.  ## Packages Used### Frontend* React* Bootstrap 4 & Reactstrap* react-newline-to-break* formic* graphql* jwt-decode* react-apollo* react-perfect-scrollbar* react-router-dom* yup### Backend* bcryptjs* graphql-yoga* jsonwebtoken* mongoose* MongoDB(for database)### Codeauth_rics_chat_appmodern-graphql-tutorial## Teammate ContributionBackend & Frontend : 蘇邱弘Frontend : 陳子晴## 心得陳子晴: 這次的 Project 我沿用了期中想要自己做出一個Reddit網站的想法，後端使用了 HW3 時用的 GraphQL，除了對GraphQL的Model與形式更加熟悉之外，也覺得GraphQL在使用上真的是相對的直觀也方便許多。分組的合作上，我是第一次使用GitHub與別人協同合作